[girls laughing]
TOWA: Back when I was little,
I had a younger twin sister,
and we lived in the forest.
[both sighing]
[laughing]
‐ Let's go, Setsuna.
[grunts]
‐ OK. Wait for me, Sis!
‐ Huh? [gasps]
‐ Here, Setsuna.
‐ Eh?
‐ Want it?
‐ [laughs]
Yeah! Thank you!
‐ So yummy!
‐ It is, huh?
TOWA: We were always together,
and we got along so well.
[both murmuring]
[fire crackling]
[animals calling, shrieking]
‐ Eh?
Setsuna, wake up.
There's a fire!
This way! Hurry!
‐ Sis!
‐ It's OK. Just follow me.
‐ [panting]
‐ Come on! Faster!
TOWA: So why, at that moment...
‐ [animals grunting]
‐ [gasps]
‐ did I let her hand slip away?
Don't leave me, Sis!
[gasps]
‐ [panting]
Setsuna?
Setsuna!
‐ You came back!
‐ Are you OK?
I'm sorry I ran ahead like that.
[wood creaking]
‐ [gasps]
Sis, get out of the way!
‐ [grunts]
[gasps] Oh, no!
[grunts]
Setsuna!
Where'd she go?
[sniffing]
I can't smell her anywhere.
‐ Sis, where are you?!
‐ Hang on!
Setsuna!
‐ Sis!
‐ Come on. Where is she?
Setsuna!
[gasps]
[yelps]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [creaks]
Setsuna!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Three Princesses."
[insects chirping]
‐ [meowing softly]
‐ [groans]
TOWA: It took me a while
before I realized
what happened.
I had been catapulted
through time.
[gasps] What's going on?
‐ Where am I?
‐ [meows]
[meows]
‐ [gasps] Uh...
‐ Hello there. You OK?
You're not lost, are you?
My name's Sota Higurashi.
And what's yours?
‐ Towa.
‐ Nice to meet you, Towa.
‐ [gasping]
‐ [gasps]
[gasps]
So that's it.
You came
from a very far‐off place,
didn't you, Towa?
‐ I don't know why,
but at that moment,
I knew
I could trust this person.
‐ [gasps] Please, help!
I'm looking for Setsuna.
Can you help me
find my sister?
‐ Of course I will.
Why don't we
go look for her together?
‐ [sighs]
Papa Sota helped me search,
but we never did find Setsuna.
It's been ten years since then.
Papa Sota ended up adopting me,
and as part
of the Higurashi family,
I go by Towa Higurashi.
My memories
have faded over time.
Lately, I've been thinking
maybe that day was all
just a strange dream.
But one thing's for sure.
Setsuna was definitely
not a dream.
That much, I know.
[yawns]
Such nice weather.
Well, time to brush my teeth.
MEI: Bye, Daddy!
SOTA: Have a great day.
‐ [gasps]
Morning, Towa.
‐ Huh? Oh, good morning, Mei.
‐ It's your first day
at your new school, isn't it?
Try not to get
into any fights, OK?
I'll see you back here later.
‐ Don't worry. I won't fight.
That was Mei,
Papa Sota's daughter by blood.
She can be
a little shy and naive,
but she's also cute,
smart, honest,
and actually pretty talented.
My sweet little sister.
But maybe the reason
I cherish Mei so much
is because
she's a substitute for Setsuna,
whom I never found.
[door opens]
I'm heading out.
‐ Have a great day!
Wait. Hey, Towa,
why are you wearing
a boy's uniform to school again?
‐ You really wanna know
the reason why?
It's easier to fight in,
obviously.
‐ It's an all‐girls school
this time.
Don't you remember
what we discussed
about no more fighting?
‐ Yeah, of course I remember.
See you after school.
‐ Teenagers.
‐ Seems like nobody gets it.
Transferring to an all‐girls
school won't stop the fighting.
Whenever I defeat someone,
they always come back for more.
[gasps]
‐ [wind blows]
‐ [boy scoffs]
Finally found you, Higurashi.
‐ Word is
you transferred schools again.
‐ Sounds like you're
trying to run away from us.
‐ [knuckles cracking]
‐ You can't dodge us that easy!
‐ Ready to go?
‐ Who said I was running away?
‐ [blows striking]
‐ [boys grunting]
‐ Think you're so tough?!
Well, let's see
how you like this!
[yells]
[groans]
[whimpers]
[wails]
N‐No, wait!
You'll break it!
Mercy!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [groans]
[train rattling]
‐ [sighs]
[whimpering]
The fighting hasn't let up.
It all started when I stopped
a bully in elementary school,
and every time I
change schools, there's more.
They're all weak.
Why can't they
stop causing trouble?
‐ I swear that ain't no woman.
‐ I'm surprised
she didn't finish us off.
‐ She's too soft
to do something like that.
‐ But we still can't beat her.
‐ We can if we ask Bro
to help us out.
[school bell chiming]
‐ It's my first day,
and I'm late already.
No one's looking, right?
Cool.
[grunts]
MOROHA: You guys
are demon slayers?
Who knew there was a job
for something like that?
I mean, I had no idea.
So I guess you're here
because you wanna
slay me, Beniyasha?
[laughs] Don't make me laugh.
You guys could never beat me,
not in a million years.
In fact, I'll turn you all
into lunch for my Kurikaramaru.
Better get ready.
‐ Moroha, the Demon Killer!
‐ Eh?
‐ We're here on behalf
of the local villagers,
and they've sent us
to punish you!
Hiraikotsu!
‐ Uh‐oh!
The local villagers sent you?
Sorry, but you've got
the wrong target.
I haven't come down from
these mountains for a while.
See, I'm waiting
for my bounty to show up.
‐ A demon and a bounty hunter?
All the more reason to fight!
‐ Wait, Hisui.
‐ [gasps]
What's wrong, Uncle Kohaku?
‐ Lady Moroha,
am I to understand
some other demon is responsible
for attacking the local village?
‐ That's what I just said.
But it's too late to stop now.
You've made me mad,
and for that,
you'll have to pay the price.
With this rouge,
I will become Beniyasha,
the Destroyer of Lands!
Tremble before
the bloodthirsty dawn!
Uh...
Hey, looks like
you demon slayers
work with
an interesting companion.
You're a half‐demon, aren't you?
Well, guess what. I'm a‐‐
‐ Silence! You're going to die.
‐ Kanemitsu no Tomoe, huh?
Pretty fancy naginata
you got there.
It's only fair,
if I win this match,
that I get to keep it.
‐ Setsuna, I'll back you up!
‐ That's not necessary.
‐ Oh, so your name's Setsuna.
[slurps] Alright.
I've made up my mind!
Sorry, Setsu,
but I'm taking your weapon!
‐ Oh, wow. So you
actually saw through that?
This might be fun
after all, Setsu!
‐ [heart beats]
‐ [grunts]
[gasps]
‐ Wait a sec. Are you kidding?
I don't believe it.
You have a Rainbow Pearl, too?
‐ What are you talking about?
‐ [rumbling]
‐ Huh?
‐ Give them to me!
Give me your Rainbow Pearls!
‐ So that's the one
that attacked the village.
Retreat!
‐ Hand them over!
I want those Rainbow Pearls!
HISUI: Look out!
Setsuna! You alright?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [chuckles]
Mistress Three‐Eyes!
I knew you'd show yourself
sooner or later,
'cause you could
never resist this.
‐ [laughs]
There it is, the Red Pearl.
‐ You're the one I've been
sitting around here,
waiting for!
That bounty's mine.
Say good night!
‐ [clang]
‐ [laughs]
‐ You're a bit tougher
than I thought,
which means new tactic!
[yells]
Hey, demon slayers!
If you don't want
to get mixed up in this,
better get lost.
‐ Say what?
‐ This way, Hisui.
‐ Yes, sir.
‐ Take this!
Heavenly Arrow Barrage!
‐ [gasps]
[laughs]
You missed, you fool. Uh...
[grunting]
‐ Are those Sacred Arrows?
KOHAKU: No, those are
the Arrows of Sealing.
How could Beniyasha
have this spiritual power?
‐ [laughing] I did it!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [gasps] Huh?
What the hell?! Hey!
‐ [laughs]
[hisses]
I need more.
I want the other Rainbow Pearl.
Now give it to me! [hisses]
Eh? There it is!
‐ Oh, no.
‐ Hisui, try and
get Mistress Three‐Eyes
to follow you
back to Lady Kaede's village.
‐ You got it, Uncle!
‐ Come back!
‐ Damn you!
Give me back my Red Pearl
right now!
[school bell chimes]
‐ Great. Thank you.
‐ There's a British proverb
that goes like this.
"When you find yourself in Rome,
you should do as the Romans do."
Which means, while visiting
an unfamiliar place, blend in.
‐ Right.
I guess
I won't be staying too long
at this school, either.
‐ While you are
attending this academy,
perhaps try to conduct yourself
like the students here.
Being tardy because you got
into a fight is unacceptable.
‐ And now I'm sure
he'll call my parents.
‐ I will overlook this
for today,
but please be more careful
in the future.
‐ Huh?!
‐ That's all.
You may go home now.
‐ Really?!
‐ OK. See you tomorrow, Mei.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ Bye‐bye!
[wind blowing]
‐ The moments
when I feel most at peace
are when I get to do this.
The sword Kikujumonji,
a national treasure.
I heard it once belonged to
the shogun Yoshiteru Ashikaga.
‐ [chime rings]
‐ [gasps]
[sniffing] It's Mei.
I can smell her crying.
It's coming
from Grandpa's shrine!
[Mei crying]
‐ Hey, it's not that bad, kid.
Your sister will be here soon.
You can dry those eyes. [laughs]
‐ Hey, listen, Bro.
Don't you think we're
going a little too far?
‐ Come on, you idiots.
If you want revenge,
you gotta go big or go home.
Now don't you guys
go chickening out.
‐ Ah, yes, sir!
‐ Yes, sir!
TOWA: This world
is chock‐full of weak people,
and because they're weak,
they band together
and pick on people weaker
than them to feel powerful.
I'm really sick of it.
‐ It's your lucky day, boys.
That chick's
gonna learn her place
for roughing up your gang.
‐ Am I, really?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Guess we'll see.
‐ [muffled] Towa, you're here!
‐ Mei, Grammy, Grandpa, hold on!
If you're looking for a lesson,
I'll be happy to help.
But you guys are the ones who
are gonna get schooled today.
‐ [laughs]
Get her!
[all yell]
[groaning]
‐ You're pretty good, honey.
But I don't think you understand
the situation. Right?
‐ [chuckles]
[both gasp]
‐ Mei! [gasping]
‐ I hope you
haven't forgotten the fact
that we've taken
a few hostages. Eh?
‐ If that's the game
you wanna play, fine.
‐ Hey, is that thing real?
‐ Whether or not that sword
is real doesn't matter at all.
If you even think about moving,
this is what'll happen.
‐ [gasps]
‐ You wouldn't want
your cute sister
to get a nasty scar
on her face, would you?
Don't you dare move. Got it?
What's wrong? Come on!
You said you were
going to school us, didn't you?
‐ [groans]
‐ It's very important that you
don't use your powers
in front of other people.
They have to be
our little secret.
Promise?
‐ Mm‐hmm. I promise!
I'm sorry, Papa Sota.
Our promise,
I have to break it!
‐ What?!
‐ [gasps]
[wails]
‐ You three
go hide somewhere safe.
‐ Please don't fight them, Towa.
‐ Don't worry.
I'll make it quick.
‐ But, Towa!
‐ What the hell is she?
‐ Not a human.
‐ There's no way
we can take her down!
‐ Get back here, cowards!
‐ Damn freak.
GRAMMY: Come on, Mei. Let's go.
‐ Please,
you have to stop fighting!
‐ It'll be fine.
I can handle this.
Your big sister
is pretty strong, you know.
‐ You can't!
I don't care if you're strong!
If you keep doing
things like this,
you'll never
stop fighting, ever!
I know you'd rather
do cute and girly things
instead of fighting
all the time, right?
Come on! Admit it!
‐ Uh...
um, to be honest, Mei,
there's a part of me
that isn't ready
to answer that question for you
just yet.
‐ You're supposed to say yes,
even if you don't mean it!
‐ Sorry. I'm really sorry.
‐ [wails] You're a dummy!
You know that?!
‐ Huh?
‐ [crying]
‐ [siren blaring]
‐ [gasps] The cops!
‐ Who could have
called 'em on us?
‐ Come on. We gotta bail!
‐ [growls]
[sirens blaring]
‐ [chuckles]
Looks like those police
were only passing by.
Fancy that.
‐ You big dummy!
You said you'd never
get into fights again!
‐ You're right.
Please forgive me, Mei.
‐ [crying]
‐ Living in this world is hard.
If you don't live by the rules,
you end up
getting treated as an outcast.
Girls have to be feminine,
and boys have to be masculine.
I‐I'm just so sick
of that ideal.
But there's more
that I need to consider.
I don't want to make Mei
cry like this again.
Nothing's as important
to me as that.
‐ [wind blowing]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [sniffing]
‐ This smell.
How strange. It's nostalgic,
like I've smelled it before.
But why is it coming from here?
‐ Give me the pearl! [laughs]
‐ I think we drew it
far enough away.
‐ Hisui, I'm getting off here.
‐ Are you serious?
‐ It's following me
for the pearl in my right eye.
‐ I'll use that to my advantage.
‐ Setsuna!
‐ You can't escape! [laughs]
‐ Take this!
Cyclone Burst!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [electricity crackles]
‐ [wails]
How dare you?!
‐ I am Setsuna.
These are the only words
I have for you‐‐
I am the reason
you will die tonight!
‐ [wailing]
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
‐ [yelps]
‐ What the‐‐You again?
‐ Sorry, Setsuna.
I know you wanna take her down,
but I got first dibs. Got it?
‐ Ridiculous.
‐ Wha?!
‐ [yells]
‐ [clang]
[gasps] Damn it.
‐ Come to me,
my lovely Gold Pearl.
‐ [slurps]
‐ [wincing]
[heart beats]
[gasps]
‐ [slurps]
[swallows]
This is marvelous.
‐ That bastard
absorbed the Gold Pearl, too!
The demon power
of the Rainbow Pearls
is already combining
with my own!
[laughing]
‐ [groans] Can't break free.
‐ Heh. Looks like absorbing
the Red and Gold Rainbow Pearls
has made old Three‐Eyes
even stronger now.
Don't worry! I'll be right over
to get you out, Setsu!
‐ Stop calling me that!
[Root Head growls]
It's been a decade since I
sensed the Rainbow Pearl,
and two of them are here!
‐ [gasps]
‐ By the power
of the Tree of Ages,
I return to this world!
‐ What is that?
MISTRESS THREE‐EYES: Eh?
‐ [yelps]
‐ What's happening?!
[all yell]
[wind blowing]
‐ What's going on?
‐ I don't like it.
‐ I know this smell. [gasps]
Mei!
‐ [gasping]
‐ Oh, my. How peculiar.
‐ Towa, what is that thing?
‐ Wait. Is the smell...
getting stronger?
[all yelling]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [grunting]
‐ [Grandpa gasps]
‐ GRAMMA: Oh.
‐ I know that light.
I remember. That's it!
That unbelievably bright place
from my memories...
and this smell.
TOWA: Setsuna!
‐ What? Who could
be calling my name?
‐ Damn it.
Why do I feel so weak?
Is it 'cause I came through
the rainbow corridor?
‐ [laughing]
‐ Eh?
‐ Wonderful.
Everything is perfect.
The Silver Pearl
is here as well.
Now I'll have a pearl for each
of my three beautiful eyes!
‐ Setsuna, I'll save you!
[yells]
‐ [clang]
‐ [laughs]
‐ [gasps] Impossible!
This thing broke my Kikujumonji!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: Setsuna showed up
in the present day,
but she doesn't remember
that I'm her older sister.
‐ I don't know you.
Come near me, and die.
MOROHA: You're under
a nasty curse.
The butterfly
that lives in the Dream World
made its way out to this one,
meaning you can't
fall asleep ever again,
and you can kiss
dreams goodbye, too.
SETSUNA: You're saying
my dreams were eaten?
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
"The Dream Butterfly."
I'm sorry. I did this to you.
This is all my fault.